[Music]
this guy is so happy
his babysitter is a sexy hottie
leg length small waist this value enough
to satisfy all men's fantasies
go home from school this day cole was
caught by the school gangster
xiaohei chuwan pushed him to the ground
at this time
there was a shout from behind a sexy
figure came over
xiaobeo's face is angry i saw her lying
in chowpng's ear and said a few words
the quilt that scared him was wet in an
instant
crazy woman then he punctured the others
beloved bicycle tire
fast flow a few bear kids were so scared
that they pee
after driving them away the little
bridegroom walks to coal with a smile
benned down and picked up the glasses on
the floor seeing cole's hand was injured
and blew gently good guy who can stand
this
the two drove home talking and laughing
along the way faced with such an ex-oily
substance
who is not confused not to mention a
young man who has just begun to love
cole's mother was out on holiday this
day he and the babysitter are the only
ones left at home
cole knows opportunity finally arises
the two play dragons and water together
cole feast your eyes then they danced in
the living room again
playing with such a beautiful young lady
cole thinks wong is happy about
everything
tired of playing just lie on the sofa
together the little guarantor
immediately turned into a confidante big
sister
the two talked from poems and songs to
philosophy of life the little nanny also
taught him how to be a big boy
cole's face blushed after being teased
but happy time is always short
he should go to bed and rest three times
the babysitter sees coal reluctantly
so i poured a line of ergoloto and
handed it to him coax him to sleep
but when he turned his head cold poured
the wine because tonight he has a big
plan
it's time to be a man midnight cole
sneaked out of the house
planned to enter the goddess room i
found out that xiaobao married a bunch
of friends
play truth or dare at home the
babysitter lost this round
four need to kiss everyone present she
doesn't have ink
nibble seeing the beloved goddess is so
enchanting
cole looked upstairs with blushing ears
and mouth and tongue can't wait to join
right away
however the more powerful ones are still
to come when the babysitter is going to
kiss the man with glasses
i don't know where she pointed out two
40-meter big knives
directly on the opponent's forehead the
man with glasses instantly turned into a
teletubby
cold dumbfounded what's the situation
but this is not over yet
little marriage draws a big knife the
other two people actually took the
blackjack glasses to the male plasma
not pay attention the blood shot
xiaohe's face
then zaobao took out an ancient book
have words in your mouth
original sexy little marriage is
actually a cult leader
they are holding a guideship ceremony
according to the book
now only a tube of boy blood hear this
cole upstairs got wet in his crotch
whoa nima isn't this boy talking about
lao soo
good guy i take you as a goddess you
want to use lao soo as a sacrifice
thought of this cole ran back to the
room without looking back
i picked up the phone and called yao
yaoling at this moment there was
movement from downstairs
ruined they came up to get blood from
the child's hand
cole hurriedly hid under the covers and
pretended to be asleep the little
guarantor took out a 40 meter thick
needle
directly into the tiny arm to survive he
can only endure the pain
let the other party take away his own
boy's sperm and blood after they
leave cole got up hurriedly throwing out
of the bed as a rope hand and intending
to escape
but turned around the little pawn is
standing behind cole fainted before the
attack of hypoglycemia
when he wakes up again has been tied to
a chair by the five-flowered big
dimension
he is desperate is my life going to be
explained here
can you satisfy my wish before dying at
this moment there was the sound of
police sirens outside
the cultists are terrified cole thought
he was saved shout desperately
the muscular man saw a flying kick and
kicked coal at the same time
fbl breaks in muscular man picks up the
iron rod in his hand
directly lose an fbl the other party
lost consciousness and shot the blonde
girl's fake x
fortunately a thick layer of silicone
blocks the bullets this is how i hugged
my life
the scene suddenly became chaotic the
little nanny tries to erase another fbl
neck
cole never saw the scene beyond
everyone's attention
he hurriedly fled upstairs xiaohei took
the lead
but did not expect accidentally stepped
on the remote control car
fell downstairs just like this i got the
box lunch in a daze
saubau's marriage is frustrated order
his followers to catch the bear child
alive
cole is not for food either after all
douay movies grew up watching home alone
since childhood he jumped down from the
window come to the garage
find a lighter there is also a monkey
then climb into the basement
bring in female church members then
light the sky monkey
use a mousetrap to trap the opponent
cole took the opportunity to escape
locked her in the basement with a huge
explosion cole was blown away tens of
meters away
the female religious also received a box
lunch on the spot this monkey is
absolutely made in china
before he catches his breath the
muscular man chased after hearing the
movement
two of you chased me cola flash dangle
each other
then he rushed over one trick to control
the legs
beat a muscular man with a long egg take
the opportunity
cole climbed to the tree house muscular
man secretly attacked from behind
seeing cole is going to die but never
expected the board is too thin
muscular man stepping on empty foot the
two fell together
rope and tangled his fat a muscular man
becomes a hanged ghost in an instant
cole goes back to the house planned to
make a big hit but i ran into a blonde
girl who was still not dead
blonde girl is very annoyed by the
explosion of fake x she vented all her
grievances on coal
crisis a gunshot the blonde girl's head
is gone
it turned out that the babysitter
rescued him cole looked dumbfounded
oh [ __ ] zaobao sees that the matter is
so big
so the king dropped everyone intend to
push a crime on them
he also said that he will live well with
cole in the future but at this time cole
is no longer a child
he no longer trusts the little guarantor
while the other party is not paying
attention
cole picked up the cult book direct
ignition the little nanny will be broken
after seeing this
cole rushed out of the house circled to
the street stole a neighbor's car
kicked the throttle firm and brave eyes
rushed into my own home
sister zaobao the leader of the cult
just like that was dropped by coal
such a gentle and fierce little
guarantor would you like to leave her to
challenge her weakness
this is the end of the video